README.md, before:

# Tomodoro (former Pomocucoo)

Tomodoro is a pomodoro timer that should help you to keep focus on your work and eventually to keep track of your spend time. 

Clock will split the time in pomodoro intervals, 55min by default, where your focus tends to be stronger. Cooldown intervals of 5 min are set by defaul to help you recover your concentration. 

# Development

```

npm i
npm run start
```

Build the packages (on each system)
```
npm run make
``` 
It only makes the binary for the current platform. 


# Roadmap

v0.1
[x] Ring on every Pomodoro interval
[x] automated break time
[x] Cooldown end notification. 

v0.2
[x] internal clock based on date diff instead of counter. This avoids application to stop counting on sleep. 
[x] cooldown intervale setter fix
[x] ~~Support for linux~~ 


v0.3
[x] Tasks history
[ ] Task end popup to conitnue working. 
[x] volume, mute, mute next notif and stop playing music
[ ] Stop feature
[ ] Reset feature



Backlog
[ ] Interruption mode. Like emergency mode, where current work state is running bellow, but there is a prioitary task on top. 
[ ] Shortcut to manage current task
[ ] task table edition
[ ] Vulnerability management pipeline
[ ] Static code analisys pipeline
[ ] pipeline to cross build, package and publication on github. 
[ ] history extraction
[ ] extended time period notification
[ ] Task input popup on status finished

v0.5

[ ] automatic idle feature on screen sleep. 
[ ] All windows, on top feature
[ ] customize alerts

v0.6 
[ ] Pause feature
[ ] transparent when mouse over or move away from current
[ ] Shortcuts to manage states

v0.7
[ ] pleasant look and feel.
[ ] default settings

v1
[x] ~~Support for linux~~
[ ] Support for windows

v1.1
[ ] stats: idle time, worked time, interruptions. Non respected pomodoros.

Commit message:

v0.3.2 fix history size and scrolling

README.md, after:

# Tomodoro (former Pomocucoo)

Tomodoro is a pomodoro timer that should help you to keep focus on your work and eventually to keep track of your spend time. 

Clock will split the time in pomodoro intervals, 55min by default, where your focus tends to be stronger. Cooldown intervals of 5 min are set by defaul to help you recover your concentration. 

# Development

```

npm i
npm run start
```

Build the packages (on each system)
```
npm run make
``` 
It only makes the binary for the current platform. 


# Roadmap

v0.1
[x] Ring on every Pomodoro interval
[x] automated break time
[x] Cooldown end notification. 

v0.2
[x] internal clock based on date diff instead of counter. This avoids application to stop counting on sleep. 
[x] cooldown intervale setter fix
[x] ~~Support for linux~~ 


v0.3.1
[x] Tasks history
[~] Task end popup to conitnue working. 
[x] volume, mute, mute next notif and stop playing music
[ ] Stop feature
[x] Reset feature

v0.3.2
[~] Task end popup to conitnue working. 
[ ] Stop feature
[x] Fix size and scrolling on history box

v0.4
[ ] automatic idle feature on screen sleep. 
[ ] All windows, on top feature
[ ] customize alerts

v0.5
[ ] Pause feature
[ ] transparent when mouse over or move away from current
[ ] Shortcuts to manage states

v0.6
[ ] pleasant look and feel.
[ ] default settings

v1
[x] ~~Support for linux~~
[ ] Support for windows

v1.1
[ ] stats: idle time, worked time, interruptions. Non respected pomodoros. 


Backlog
[ ] Interruption mode. Like emergency mode, where current work state is running bellow, but there is a prioitary task on top. 
[ ] Shortcut to manage current task
[ ] task table edition
[ ] Vulnerability management pipeline
[ ] Static code analisys pipeline
[ ] pipeline to cross build, package and publication on github. 
[ ] history extraction
[ ] extended time period notification
[ ] Task input popup on status finished
